You observed that React works with a top down data flow, where the lower components take data from
the upper ones through theirs props, and request changes through callbacks (see the filterItem.js).

You're probably used to MV* patterns, however, Facebook encourages a one-direction data flow where
the view cannot directly update the model, they can only call functions that will trigger a change
in the model. This fit React idea, where you pass data and callbacks to lower components.

HISTORY
Redux was released at the 2015 react-europe conference by Dan Abramov, its creator (now working at)
Facebook, and co created by Andrew Clark (@acdlite) now also working at Facebook.

The idea of Redux is to have a central State, describing the state of your application, that you can
only update through callbacks, and that triggers an event when updated (to update your views).

Since you don't want to let the view update the store by themselves, you need to be able to request
changes, and handle them.
Since the state is read-only, you need a way to describe a change request, an expression of intent.
In Redux, it's an action, i.e. a description of the requested change, with an object. In yesterday
session, we would have used
    {type: 'ADD_FILTER', keyword: 'react'}
    {type: 'REMOVE_FILTER', keyword: 'fp'}
    {type: 'RECEIVE_TWITTER_BIO': contactId: 1, value: 'blablabla'}
    etc.

You can see that these actions don't describe in any way how the state should be changed. It's just
a description.

Now, we need to be able to process these actions, in order to update the state. In order to be able
to do easy comparison between versions of the state (Did this section of the state got updated?),
Redux doesn't modify the state, it always create a new version of the state, no mutation.

Remember that we said that in React, F(D) = V, where F is a pure function? Redux uses the same idea
for any state update F(S, A) = S'. That's how redux updates the store, it uses a plain pure function
that takes the state, an action, and return a new version of the state. Since it's pure, this means
that this function, called the reducer (like Array.prototype.reduce), is totally predictable:
same S and same A means same S'.

Redux introduces two main concepts for its data flow:
- actions: plain JS objects to describe the requested changes
- a reducer, that given an action and the current state, will know how to produce an updated version
    of it

Write a reducer from scratch, using TDD.

-----

This is nice, but just "concepts", no need for a lib for that, however, we need a way to make this
usable with an app, which means we need something to contain the current state, and interact with it

What we want is:
- A way to signal that we want to trigger an action
- A way to tell all the elements that subscribed to its changes, letting them know that they can
    update themselves

Say hello to the store.
Example: implement the store
In example.js, we'll see how redux works, and the three methods of the store.

Show code of its implementation

If you remember what we showed yesterday during the introduction to React, we quickly reached the
same limitations, rerendering the whole app when wanting to update it, then we switched to setState

You can observe that so far, we didn't see any coupling between React and Redux, that's because
there are none. Redux is simply a library to manage a state. It also works with Angular for instance

Let's see how we could do something like that with Redux?
Example with forceUpdate

-----

Right now, the store is an implicit dependency of the app. We don't like that, because first of all,
it make testing hard/impossible, since you might want to mock it. Moreover, it just goes against the
concept of React, where you pass your data from the top to the bottom. You could pass the store
through props, but it would be cumbersome, and still not ideal, some intermediate components might
not need it. What we're looking for is a clean DI solution. React offers this with the Context, that
Amélie explained yesterday.

Example, build provider from the ground up

-----

We coupled the whole <Counter /> component to the store, this is both heavy, and not really
convenient, we're totally couply coupling the component to the redux store, we'd rather keep our
component simple and focused on its goal => two buttons and a display. It would be better to extract
this logic outside of the component, and this is a great use case for a HOC

Example of a custom implementation of connect

Since this is such a classic use-case, they released official bindings: react-redux.

----

Let's get more practical, and rewrite day1 practice with redux

----

Action creators

----

Middlewares
https://github.com/evgenyrodionov/redux-logger

https://github.com/gaearon/redux-thunk
Example with day 1 practice setState

----

Best-practices redux
- Single source of truth => no duplication, don't store something that can be computed
- Keep presentational and container components separated
- Normalize your data
    - The idea of an entity section (see Twitter, Vamos)
